10.18.0.203 (#315)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/platform-10-18-0-bundle/platform-10-18-0-229.md

---
weight: 49
title: 10.18.0.229
layout: redirect
---

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
These release notes refer to build versions
- Core: 10.18.0.229
- UI: 10.18.0.151
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Authentication</td>
<td>When a user logs in using OAI-Secure and a password change is required, a <code>PasswordResetToken</code> is returned in the response header, enabling the password reset.</td>
<td>MTM-55200</td>
<td>10.18.0.209</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Messaging Service</td>

> <td>Users of Notifications 2.0 will no longer encounter unequal distribution of notifications from tenant-context subscriptions amongst a set of shared consumers.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Users of Notifications 2.0 no longer encounter unequal distribution of notifications from tenant-context subscriptions among a set of shared consumers.</td>

```

<td>MTM-54859</td>
<td>10.18.0.198</td>
<td>Messaging Service</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>REST API</td>
<td>The <code>data</code> field has been removed from realtime API handshake responses where it was not required and always had a "null" value.</td>
<td>MTM-55522</td>
<td>10.18.0.207</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>REST API</td>
<td>When removing an application that is used in SSO access mappings, the login configuration will be updated accordingly.</td>
<td>MTM-52943</td>
<td>10.18.0.200</td>
<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>REST API</td>

> <td>The Measurement API now accepts leading zeroes provided for measurement values.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>The Measurement API now accepts leading zeros provided for measurement values.</td>

```
